Update draft-bclp-green-terminology.md (#28)
billwuqin/draft-bclp-green-terminology: draft-bclp-green-terminology.md

: This control can span a network or a subset of it.

Energy Efficiency:
: Refers to optimize energy usage in network components, devices, and across the network

>   to provide a useful output with as little energy as possible, eliminating the energy waste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to minimize energy use as possible, eliminating thus energy waste.
```

>   Examples to improve Energy efficiency include but not limited to deactivation of some or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Examples to improve Energy efficiency include, but not limited to, deactivation of some or
```

>   all components of network nodes during low-traffic periods or adjusting speed of the interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  all components of network nodes during specific periods (e.g., periods with low-traffic) or adjusting interface speed of an interface
```

>   based on network traffic load change or switching to more efficient power supplies and silicon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  based on network traffic load change, or switching to more efficient power supplies and silicon
```

  or developing more efficient transmission or signal processing algorithms.

Energy Efficiency Network Management:

> : Refers to the ability to control the use of available energy in an optimized manner (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Refers to the ability to manage (including control) the use of available energy in an optimized manner (e.g.,
```

  in a resource conserved manner and at low cost) in a network.

Energy Efficiency Metric:

> : Refers to a metric that is used for the evaluation and assessment of energy consumption of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Refers to a metric that is used for the assessment of energy consumption of
```

  a network, device, or component. One or more metrics can be defined. These metrics are also
  used for network performance purposes to characterize the effectiveness of an Energy

>   Efficiency management strategy. Note that developing energy efficiency metrics for internetworking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Efficiency management strategy. Developing energy efficiency metrics for internetworking
```

  and associated measurement methodologies and conditions as well as consistently collecting this

>   data over time are essential to demonstrating EE improvements.  An example of a common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  data over time are essential to demonstrating Energy Efficiency improvements.  An example of a common
```

  outcome-oriented metric is energy consumption per data volume or traffic unit.

Energy Proportionality
:is the correlation between energy used and the associated useful
 output.  For internetworking this is generally interpreted as the
 proportionality of traffic or traffic throughput and energy used.
 This concept is broadly applicable to networking infrastructure,

>  data center, and other communication architectures.  Note that there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 data center, and other communication architectures.  There
```
